NetSuite SMB troubleshooting (#1196)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/smb-help-hub/codat/faq.md

title: Frequently asked questions about Codat
description: Understand Codat and its technology, the role we play in your provider's processes, and how we handle your data
sidebar_label: What is Codat?
---

## What is Codat?

> A business runs on many software products. These may be accounting programs like QuickBooks Online and Xero, Point-of-Sale systems like Zettle and Square, and eCommerce platforms like Shopify and Amazon Seller Central.

Author: ```suggestion
Businesses depend on a suite of software. Whether it's accounting programs like QuickBooks Online and Xero, Point-of-Sale systems like Zettle and Square, or eCommerce platforms like Shopify and Amazon Seller Central - these are the tools that make a business tick.
```

Author: Not a fan of this phrase 'software products'

> Each of these products contains data related to the activities of the business. A financial provider may need access to this data so that they can offer their services to the business. However, it is often difficult to get data out of these products.

Author: ```suggestion
These software are the source of truth for the activities of the business. Financial service providers need access to this data so that they can offer their services to the business. For example, a lender can use accounting data to understand the risk profile of a business. However, it is often difficult to get data out of these products. 
```

> That's where Codat comes in. We provide simple solutions that let software products talk to each other. As a result, a financial provider that uses Codat can view or modify their clients' business data quickly and securely and focus on delivering their core services.

Author: ```suggestion
That's where Codat comes in. We let the software and services businesses use talk to one another. Financial providers using Codat can view or modify their clients' business data quickly and securely and focus on delivering their core services.
```

#### What we do

<ul className="card-container col-3">
 
  <li className="card animation-pulse">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/check-circle.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Access your data</h3>
    </div>
    <p>
    Your data belongs to you. You allow Codat to access this data, and we enable your financial provider to see or modify it. 
    </p>
  </li>

  <li className="card animation-pulse">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/check-circle.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Keep your data secure</h3>
    </div>
    <p>
    We protect the security of your data. We never share your password and encrypt your data in transit and at rest.
    </p>
  </li>

  <li className="card animation-pulse">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/check-circle.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Keep you in control</h3>
    </div>
    <p>

>     You choose when and how to share your data, and we never share it with anyone else. You can withdraw your consent anytime.

Author: I guess I naturally think, reading this, "how can I withdraw consent?" - should we link to elsewhere?

Reviewer: is there somewhere we can actually link to? do we need another page / section on this one on withdrawing consent? and what is the answer - I assume it's the provider that needs to offer them this option? @mcclowes

    </p>
  </li>

</ul>

#### What we don't do

<ul className="card-container col-2">
 
  <li className="card animation-pulse">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/x-circle.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>We never alter your data</h3>
    </div>
    <p>

>     Codat doesn't add, modify, or delete any of your data. Your provider may do this using Codat depending on the service they provide you.

Author: ```suggestion
    Codat doesn't add to, modify, or delete your data unless your financial service provider instructs us to. Where they do, this will be in accordance with the service they're providing you and terms you agreed to.
```

    </p>
  </li>

  <li className="card animation-pulse">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/x-circle.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>We never share your data</h3>
    </div>
    <p>

>     Your provider gets to access your data only with your permission. We never sell data and don't share it with other Codat clients.

Author: 💯

    </p>
  </li>

</ul>

> ## Why is my provider using Codat?

Author: ```suggestion
## Why is my financial service provider using Codat?
```

Author: I'm thinking maybe each section should first refer to provider as 'financial service provider', and then we can abbreviate this subsequently

To deliver their services to you, your provider needs access to your business data. We simplify the process of getting, synchronizing, and interpreting that data for them, reducing their administrative load and time spent on getting that data. 

> Codat is trusted by the world’s largest financial institutions, payments providers, business lenders, software companies, and more. If you'd like to know more about your provider's business processes and services that rely on Codat, please reach out to them directly. 

Author: ```suggestion
Codat is trusted by the world’s largest financial institutions, payments providers, business lenders, software companies, and more. If you'd like to know more about your provider's business processes and services that rely on Codat, you can reach out to them directly or refer to their terms of service. 
```

## Want to know more?

> - Visit our [Powered by Codat](https://www.codat.io/powered-by-codat/) page to discover additional answers to questions we often receive.

Author: Ah, I want to kill this page and move it to this help hub
